# CheckersGame
Checkers is played by two players on a checkered board. The board is made of 8 rows of 8 squares. Each row has alternating black and white squares. Each player has 12 identical pieces called checkers (or men). The checkers of each player are the same color. One player uses white pieces and the other users black pieces. The pieces move only on the black-colored squares. To begin a game, the pieces are set up on the 12 dark squares of the first 3 rows of the opposite ends of the board. By tradition, Black moves first. Moves alternate after that. You lose the game if your turn comes and you can’t make any moves. This usually occurs because all of your pieces have been captured, but sometimes because the ones you have left have been immobilized by your opponent. The pieces move one square at a time, always forward and always diagonally to an adjacent dark square. The exception to the one-square-at-a-time rule is when you are capturing, or jumping, an enemy piece. You can jump if your piece occupies a square adjacent to the enemy, and if there is an empty square on the other side of the enemy. That empty square is the one your piece will jump to. The enemy piece is then removed from the board. If, after capturing an enemy piece, you find yourself next to another enemy and the square beyond that one is empty, you can capture that second piece, too. And so on. You can change direction in these multiple captures, so long as you keep moving forward. Normally, capturing is compulsory. If you have the option of capturing a piece in either of two directions, you can choose which one to grab. The row of squares farthest from each player is that player’s King row. On reaching the King row, your piece is crowned and becomes a King. The King behaves as any other piece except that it can now move backward as well as forward.
